[light music]
[foreboding music]
[theme music]
[gunshot]
[theme music continues]
[party music]
[merrymaking]
[in Italian]
Enjoy the party, mademoiselle.
[in English]
Can we speak privately?
Over here.
[scoffs]
Hey, hold on!
Stop, stop, stop.
Wait there.
[sighs]
All right, let's go.
What? What are you doing?
We have to take everyone's temperature.
[goons laugh]
That's funny.
Go ahead.
[beeps]
Go in.
[sighs]
Huh?
What are you doing here?
-Huh?
-You're not supposed to be here tonight.
Ha! No choice. I'm on security detail.
-You are?
-Yeah.
-For who?
-[sighs]
-Cheers!
-Señor Matteo.
Oh, come on!
MATTEO SPONZA
ITALIAN AMBASSADOR TO KOREA
[speaking Italian]
[both speaking Italian]
[in English]
Ah, shit.
[groans]
EPISODE 3
[inhales sharply]
[Vincenzo scoffs]
[quirky music]
You decided to throw this giant party
to make sure they didn't come in
and bulldoze the place.
I know it's not just a goodwill gesture.
Or Italian bravado.
So what's the angle? What gives?
Booralro suits and matching shirts
make a statement.
But I wonder why you cross the continent
to show them off.
Hmm.
You've heard of them?
[inhales deeply]
[Cha-young] Of course I've heard of them.
-Booralro is only Milan's master tailor.
-Wow.
Now tell me what you're doing here.
[Vincenzo sucks teeth]
I fell in love with this place.
-Why?
-The heart has its reasons.
No, it doesn't.
I, for one, don't buy into the idea
that sprinkling fairy dust equals love.
You're not a romantic soul then.
You are?
This business has zero romantic appeal
and we both know it.
[ambassador in Italian] Vincenzo!
Come here!
Sure. I'll be down there in a second,
Mr. Ambassador.
[ambassador] It's a great party.
[laughs]
[in English] Relax.
[romantic music]
What's up with the whispering?
[Yeon-jin] My favorite goons! Hey, boys!
-Long time no see. How are you?
-[Mi-ri] Hi!
[Mr. Lee vocalizing]
You thirsty?
Hey, it's so nice
you guys made it back here.
-[Yeon-jin] Drinks are on us.
-[Larry] Drink up.
-If you wanna enjoy the party, say, "Ho."
-Ho!
Someone looks like he forgot
how to have fun!
[tenant whooping]
-[nail cutter clicks]
-[phone buzzes]
Yes.
What?
The… the Italian consul?
Ambassador whatever.
Just tell them to move.
Forget it.
[Mr. Han] You're just telling me now?
Cha-young, this is not good.
You should've told us
the second it happened!
What were you thinking, huh?
Do you know the damage it could do?
[Mr. Han sighs]
We have a chance. Unless he blabs
to the press or the family?
Right.
His hands are tied.
-He can't make a move right away.
-Huh?
-You're certainly sure of yourself?
-Yeah.
Well, you might say I'm playing a hunch.
And in eight years,
my hunches have never failed me.
-Hunches?
-[Ms. Choi scoffs]
I eat other people's hunches for breakfast
and after 20 years as a prosecutor,
I'm still hungry.
-Yeah.
-Tons of experience prosecuting.
-But no experience as an attorney, right?
-Huh?
I kept this to myself
not to bother you with it.
I didn't want you to worry.
-This is my mess, and I'll clean it up.
-[Ms. Choi] Yeah!
Such exemplary consideration. Wow!
She worries about us.
This deserves a medal!
-Mr. Han and Ms. Choi.
-I know that face.
It hurts me to disappoint you,
and I will stop at nothing
to make it up to you.
Oh, boy, you really mean it?
[Ms. Choi] Let her fix it.
If you come through, you're off the hook.
But if you don't, you're fired.
[imitates slit throat]
No more hunches. Okay?
I appreciate it.
Thank you for understanding.
[Cha-young] It's going to be a late night.
You need to get me a list of everyone
Yu Min-chul might have been
in contact with.
And…
the petty cash to cover this tomorrow.
Okay.
[gasps]
That's a lot of zeros.
I need enough money
to loosen as many tongues
as possible on this one.
You're not hosting a game show, though.
Why would you pay it all?
Cold hard cash can solve
almost any dilemma.
It keeps people from getting hurt.
It's extremely efficient.
[gasps]
[claps]
Amazing. Brilliant. I love it.
[light music]
[tenants whooping]
-[Mr. Lee] We did it!
-[all cheering]
-Uh, hey, get Mr. Hong!
-[Mr. Hong] Congratulations.
-Mr. Hong, come over here.
-No, I'm good.
-[Yeon-jin] And you can drink too.
-[Mr. Lee] Bye.
-Everyone, over there.
-Yes!
-We need a victory circle.
-Good idea. Let's go.
-[lady tenants] Plaza!
-[Mr. Lee] Yes!
-[Mr. Tak] Let's try that again.
-[Hui-su] Yeah!
-[Mr. Lee] Ready, everyone?
-[Yeon-jin] Go!
-[Mr. Lee] Ready?
-[Hui-su] Yeah! They're shaking.
-[Toto] Geum… Geumga!
-[Yeon-jin] Whoo!
[tenants] Plaza!
[Hui-su] Tenants!
-Where are we from?
-[all] Geumga.
-[Mr. Lee] Let's go!
-[Mr. Tak] Geumga Plaza!
[tenants] Geumga Plaza!
[tenants whooping, cheering]
[tenants chatter excitedly]
[sighs]
[Toto] It's nice and warm here.
[Hui-su] Toto, help yourself.
[laughs]
I know it's your favorite.
-[chuckles]
-[Larry] Mine too.
-Tteokbokki.
-[Mr. Lee] Watch out.
So how much do you think that party cost?
Ten million won?
At least. Probably more like 20 or 30.
I can't believe Mr. Vincenzo
paid for everything.
Yeah.
Now, it's Mr. Vincenzo, when yesterday
you can't even say his last name.
-[Mr. Tak laughs]
-[Yeon-jin] What, are you jealous?
I'll admit, I had my doubts
until I got to the party.
He might be legit.
If his motives weren't pure,
he wouldn't be spending a fortune.
[Hui-su] Right.
-Mm-hm.
-If they don't give up,
he'll throw another one.
And he'll spend a million
before the week is done.
-[all laugh]
-[Mr. Lee] Listen.
Yes?
I'm not ready
to trust this guy completely.
-[Yeon-jin] But?
-However, I'm sure
he cares about this building of ours.
-Mm-hm.
-[Yeon-jin] Me too.
Recently, I've gotten to know Mr. Vincenzo
a little better.
-He's very honest.
-[Mr. Tak] Really?
If you're such good buddies,
why do you hide when he's around?
[chuckles]
I'm playing a traditional Italian game.
It's hide and go seek for new friends.
The Italian Mafia Game.
[laughs]
So if he continues to help us
on this path,
it could mean he was sent
by our Merciful Buddha.
Merciful Buddha.
-Amen.
-Mm-hm.
-Buddha, silly.
-Oops.
[Mi-ri] Now that I think about it,
the Italian part of him
is so incredibly romantic.
He always looks so good.
And he smells amazing.
-That cologne's insane, isn't it?
-Yes.
-Nice change.
-If I'm being completely honest,
I admire his incredible bone structure.
I thought you like rough around the edges.
I wasn't talking about his face.
[Vincenzo sighs]
[exhales]
[huffs]
[quirky music]
NANYAK TEMPLE BOILER CONSTRUCTION
DEMOLITION COUNTERMEASURE
[Vincenzo] Parties won't be enough
to stop the demolition.
I need a better plan.
BABEL PHARM.CO.,LTD
RDU-90, KEY CHARACTERISTICS
BABEL PHARM LAWSUIT - DANGER
You need to keep a closer eye
on your researchers.
No! No going out. Not even for an hour.
Yes. That is exactly what I need from you.
-[woman 1] I can't believe this.
-[In-seo] No way.
-[Cha-young] What's going on?
-[In-seo] Ha! Good morning.
Come see. It's quite a show.
-[woman 1] She's unbelievable.
-Go, Ms. Choi.
Oh-ho.
[huffing]
[shouts in rhythm]
Awesome!
[grunting]
-Don't watch for too long.
-No.
-[woman scoffs]
-[man] It's too weird.
What's the matter with her?
[grunting]
Awesome!
-[Ms. Cho grunting]
-Yuck.
-[Cha-young] She's so into it.
-[Ms. Choi moaning]
I cannot unsee this.
[upbeat music]
-[groans]
-Sweet bracelet.
You're into jewelry?
-The Blamino's popular but classy.
-[exhales]
You know weird stuff.
-[groans]
-[Joon-woo] Hmm?
[Joon-woo clears throat]
Since I know so much,
how about you end my internship
and just hire me already.
What for?
Um, we can work together,
watch baseball together,
have beer and fried chicken.
It'll be great.
That's not working. That's dating.
Even better.
We'll be together every minute.
It's a dream come true.
Dating people you work with
always ends in disaster.
Wake up. It's not happening.
Okay.
Did you get it?
Of course.
[clears throat]
I got it from
the Italian Lawyer Association.
He's for real.
-[Cha-young] Criminal record?
-[Joon-woo] He's clean.
And handsome too.
He's kind of mysterious.
-Yeah? So?
-Stop. You like him.
He's your soulmate.
-That's why you rejected me.
-Knock it off!
Keep my love life out of it.
[scoffs]
Toto, why are you glaring?
Because you made me think
that you're an expert in Italian cooking.
But you're not.
At the party,
people keep oohing and ahhing
over my margherita pizza
telling me it's magnifico. Huh?
The Italian ambassador and his wife,
they gobbled it up
and gave me a thumbs-up.
That says it all.
The problem with drunk people is…
Uh, what's the nice way to put this?
Uh, they'll pretty much eat
any crap you feed them.
I do know how to cook.
And you're the only person
who says my food is not good.
So make the pizza for me.
Okay, I will. Don't go anywhere.
[Toto scoffs]
[suspenseful music]
There you go.
I know it's great.
[tense music]
[munching]
It's amazing, right?
[gasps]
-[Toto] Wha…
-[vomits]
-What now?
-Oh.
Huh? What's wrong?
[Vincenzo chuckles]
The basil and the cheese
are socially distanced or something.
They just don't melt.
[chuckles]
Your tomatoes are tasteless.
Like they've spent two weeks
in quarantine.
[whimpers]
-Here.
-[bangs on table]
Thanks for showing me…
that pizza margherita
can taste like trash.
[whimpers]
[Toto] Damn it!
Hey, Vincenzo!
-Who are you?
-I met you…
-at the party.
-The party.
-Are you sure it was there?
-No. Yeah.
It was the first time.
You're positive about that?
-[door opens]
-[Mr. Nam] Mr. Cassano!
Mr. Hong is available now.
Perfect. Thank you.
[quirky music]
[sniffs]
That guy smells amazing.
[inhales]
Mm.
[quirky music continues]
[door opens]
-Are you open?
-[Toto] Yes, we are.
I'm not really here as a customer.
[inhales deeply]
I'd like to work for you.
Your pizza margherita is, without a doubt,
the best I've ever had.
I'm hoping you could take me on
as your apprentice.
-I knew it! I am a good cook.
-Yeah.
Damn it.
[stutters]
Unfortunately, I'm not hiring right now.
Another time.
You don't have to give me a job, Chef.
Just an apron and a corner to sleep in.
Teach me to cook,
and I'll wait tables, mop, wash.
Please, Chef.
What?
[stammers]
Chef?
As soon as I bit into your pizza,
I felt myself transported to the Duomo
and the sound of Florentine bells.
On the next bite,
the Neapolitan harbor front resonated
like music through my body.
[gasps]
[imitates boat honking]
Oh! Oh, Napoli. Oh.
With your help, I'll be able to create
my own little piece of Italy.
So you really don't want any money
or free food or anything?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just give me a spot
in the storeroom to sleep.
And your masterful guidance.
[classical music]
What's your name, apprentice?
You're familiar with this?
The main component in RDU-90.
[Mr. Hong] Yes.
It, uh, goes by the name coisanic.
And coisanic…
is also an extremely addictive narcotic.
It's an opioid?
[mysterious music]
That's the first we're hearing about it.
[Mr. Nam] Uh, according
to our expert's opinion,
it's just a mild pain reliever.
[sighs]
Babel lied to you.
They'll do whatever it takes
to get approved.
I shouldn't be surprised.
If this drug gets approved,
Babel will be selling opioids.
[Vincenzo] Yes.
Narcotic addiction will steadily increase.
When that happens,
more and more people will get desperate.
And pretty soon, you'll have
a full-blown crisis like in the States.
[Mr. Nam] Then…
[clears throat]
…this could potentially open the doors
to illegal drug cartels.
Like Italy, South America, North America.
And I'm just scratching the surface.
In a small country like ours,
the opioid problem would spread
like the plague.
I don't even want to think about it,
but if this goes through,
it's a slippery slope to kids
being able to buy it.
-It'll be in the schoolyards.
-[Mr. Nam sighs]
[sighs]
The bastards!
They have absolutely no morals.
I just want to burn them to the ground
even if it puts me in prison.
That drug is a disaster.
We have to stop it.
I'm not going to let them do this.
-[sighs]
-[phone buzzes]
[buzzing continues]
Yes.
[mysterious music]
Excellent timing.
[squeaks]
[mysterious music]
[mysterious music continues]
[man] Okay, when you install it,
be careful with--
There's no need for that.
[Chaesin] What is that?
[groans]
[Chaesin gasps]
[tense music]
Mr. Cassano, this doesn't make sense.
We're getting the boiler fixed.
Forget the boiler
and save your temple's money.
-Watch your feet.
-Sorry.
[Vincenzo] From now on,
give me your electricity bill,
I'll pay it, all right?
[Chaesin] We cannot accept.
That is much too generous.
[Vincenzo]
I might need your help with this one.
-Sure.
-I wanna put it right there.
-You do?
-Oh.
[Vincenzo sighs]
[Chaesin] Oh.
Sir, could you lift
your right cheek, please?
[vocalizing]
[grunts]
There.
You can put it down now.
Thank you.
-Can you help me with that one?
-Here?
[Mr. An]
A Catholic member of the Italian Mafia
is putting down heated pads
for Buddhist monks.
What is going on?
-[both] One, two, three.
-[Mr. An] Is he a generous spirit?
Or suspiciously generous?
-[boy 1] Give me a cigarette.
-[boy 2] Just one?
[boy 1] Yeah, just one.
[boys chuckle]
-Let's go already.
-[Yeong-ho laughs]
[boy 3] If you want it faster,
try bringing your arm.
[Yeong-ho] Give me one while you're at it.
-[boy 3] Two for me.
-[boy 2] One.
-You can't smoke two at a time.
-[boy 3] Come on.
-[Yeong-ho] Shut up.
-[boy 3] Ah! Jerk!
[boy 1] Hey, you have a lighter?
I forgot mine.
-[boy 3] Of course, I do.
-[boy 1] Ah, give it.
-Hurry up with it then.
-[boy snickers]
[boy 2] You're a pain in the ass.
I'm thinking your moms wouldn't like this.
What she thinks is none of your business.
Now beat it.
I assume you boys know
that if you start smoking young--
[Yeong-ho] Our bones will rot?
Well, maybe we like them rotten.
Mister, give us your cash before you go.
[boy gasps]
Oh, check out this watch.
-Whoa.
-It's worth a fortune.
Now, if you all promise to quit smoking,
I'll reward you with cash.
The only thing we could promise you…
is an ass whooping, man.
Right. Now toss your cigarettes…
-in the garbage can.
-[boy 1] Dude.
What's the scariest kind of drunk?
[Vincenzo] Hmm…
-Lame joke but it's a "punch drunk."
-[boy 1] Right.
Here's your prize.
[grunts]
-[thwacks]
-[grunting, groaning]
-[thumping]
-[groaning]
[boy 1] Oh, shit.
-[thwacks]
-[grunting, groaning]
-[boys groan]
-[Vincenzo pants]
[in Italian]
You little punks. Lousy brats.
[boys grunt]
-[thwacks]
-[boy] Ah!
[in English]
[Vincenzo] You.
[gasps, groans]
-Toss it.
-What? No!
-[screams]
-[thumps]
[Yeong-ho]
All right, fine. I'll throw it out.
[sighs]
[panting]
I'll be keeping my eye on you.
-Got it?
-You're a bully.
[somber music]
[Mr. An] A consigliere trying to set
some young punks straight?
Is this a way of repenting
for his dark past?
The more I observe him,
the harder it is to figure him out.
[clanks]
[sighs]
[Vincenzo] Let me give you some advice.
-Don't mess with me.
-[scoffs]
[Mr. Na] Hold on.
You can threaten me all you want,
but you're in no position
to give me advice!
[tense music]
[Mr. Na scoffs]
You know what?
You're gonna regret not taking this offer.
But if you want to play…
let's play.
[clanking]
[Mr. Nam] Cheetah!
Cheetah, are you okay?
Mr. Cho.
Dig around in his background.
[tense music rises]
[Vincenzo] The game is on…
and you're gonna lose.
[Cha-young sobs]
[somber music]
I'm so impressed by anyone
who works in your field.
My baby brother says it's so hard.
He's in pharmacology school.
[Cha-young]
He worries he won't find a job.
[cries]
[whispers]
Ms. Hong.
No. I need to let it out.
Please take it.
You're too kind.
[whimpers]
[cries]
[Cha-young inhales]
[exhales]
[mouse clicking]
The pressure that Min-chul's been under…
it's even worse than my brother.
I just wanna help so he knows
there's someone he can talk to.
Min-chul's off the radar.
We haven't talked in months.
It's important. You need to tell me
if he's been in contact.
Please. I'm really worried.
And I'll compensate you
for your troubles, of course.
Yeah.
Don't bother. You can't bribe me.
It's a very generous amount.
Uh, well…
She means we really wanna help Min-chul.
Did he send you any text?
Hit the road before I'll call the police.
He's serious. Let's go.
[groans]
[quirky music]
[plastic rustles]
[Joon-woo] Mm?
That's like one of the first times
my waterworks haven't worked.
What a waste of tears.
[Joon-woo] When I really think about it,
if I were in Min-chul's shoes, I think
your dad might be the one I'd go to.
The last straw.
[Joon-woo] Hmm.
I'm sure he would tell you about it.
He's your dad.
You should talk to him. Hmm?
He's immune to my waterworks too.
[Joon-woo groans]
He'll be in huge trouble
if he decides to blow the whistle.
[Cha-young] Hey.
I thought New Yorkers
were a selfish bunch.
-What makes you care so much?
-Oh.
Well, mostly I care about you, Cha-young.
That's why I play along
with all the waterworks.
That's why I always know
where your car is.
Oh, man. Where did I leave my car?
[groans]
-Near Exit B, Level Two.
-Right.
Cha-young, does Wusang
ever drive you nuts?
Do you ever wanna bail?
My friend from Boston
is starting a new firm here soon.
A new law firm won't be able
to afford my salary.
[phone buzzes]
[buzzing continues]
Yes, Mr. Seo.
Ms. Choi wants all of us
with five or more years seniority
to join her for dinner tonight.
I can't. I'm busy with the case.
She told me you had to be there
even if other lawyers can't make it.
[groans]
She's got something up her sleeve,
I can tell.
[Mr. Hong] It's not hard at all.
Believe me, I have a knack
for turning the tables.
[sighs]
I'm asking you to trust me.
We can win this.
NAMDONGBU DISTRICT COURT
HEARING NOTIFICATION
[somber music]
[somber music continues]
[Mr. Hong] I know
this is a tough decision. May I ask why?
[Min-chul] I realized during the trial…
that if I don't speak up,
then a lot more people will suffer.
That's true. You're right to think so.
I'm glad you came forward.
[sighs]
What is Babel hiding from everyone?
We need to expose that.
They're murdering the test subjects.
Overdosing them on purpose.
-How?
-They were like lab rats.
We were made to administer continuous
dosage of RDU-90 to five people.
And we basically signed
their death warrants.
Why would they do that?
They wanted to know
how much they could take.
[Min-chul]
This drug is a powerful narcotic.
[eerie music]
[hissing]
-[coughs]
-[monitor beeping]
[man grunts]
[grunting continues]
[monitor beeping]
[quivering]
[Min-chul] Babel Pharm didn't care
about these people's lives at all.
And they still don't.
I tried to drop out of the experiment,
but they threatened to hurt my family.
But I can help you get out now
once the court hears your testimony.
Can you guarantee
you'll keep us out of danger?
[nervous breathing]
What I can promise you
is that you will have my full support.
You need to give me a guarantee.
We both know Babel will stop at nothing.
Mr. Hong…
just coming here was an enormous risk.
-I'm a sitting duck and you know it.
-Trust me, Mr. Yu.
No one will find out I spoke to you.
You won't be assuming any more risk,
but I will.
[Min-chul] I'm sorry.
Without a guarantee, I won't testify.
I've already put enough pressure
on my family.
[tense music]
[Mr. Hong] Mr. Cassano, I already knew
what RDU-90 really was.
I pretended not to,
so I could take all the risks.
I will do everything in my power
to stop Babel.
-[Vincenzo] Mr. Hong.
-You found me.
Do you have, uh…
Right, you don't smoke.
[chuckles]
So I've been thinking
that we might have underestimated them.
How so?
Babel Pharmaceuticals manufactures
a drug with a highly addictive substance.
Lobbyist quietly offers
rebates, incentives,
and dries out court proceedings
in costly lawsuits.
It has cartel written all over it.
I know that, Mr. Cassano.
If you know that,
why aren't you backing off?
[dramatic music]
Babel Corporation is run by monsters.
They couldn't care less about people.
I won't back away.
And one day we will win.
Mr. Hong, with all due respect,
you won't beat these monsters.
-Not alone, but all of us together.
-No.
This is not the kind of dragon
you can tame.
We're in a position
to make a real difference.
Not anymore.
It's a dead-end road at this point
and you need to back off.
I will never give these monsters a break.
Someone has to lead the charge.
[exhales]
[inhales deeply]
When you come to a dead end…
the only option is for you to turn around.
[phone buzzes]
Hello?
Yes.
Huh? When?
[sighs]
Which hospital?
Yes.
Let them know I'm on my way. Thanks.
[car horn honks in distance]
[sighs]
You need to come with me.
-What for?
-You'll see.
[ambulance siren blares]
[Mr. Hong sighs]
Stubborn woman.
She's supposed to be taking it easy.
You know a public defender's job
is never done.
Excuse me. Oh, there it is.
Let's go.
CLINICAL CARE UNIT
CORRECTIONS
Just act normal.
You probably want privacy.
I'll wait outside.
Say something comforting.
It'll boost her spirit, huh?
I, uh…
[exhales deeply]
-Uh, good afternoon.
-Hello.
I'm her attorney.
Thank you.
[somber music]
[Mr. Hong] You got lucky.
Aren't you glad you got here in time?
Ah.
[chuckles]
[Mr. Hong] How can you be
so casual about this?
You almost died, you know.
Yeah.
I thought I should practice a few times.
Hey, who are you?
Huh? Um…
Come in.
Ms. Oh, this is, um…
a partner in a case I'm on.
Quite impressive.
And handsome.
[Ms. Oh] Yeah.
And mysterious, I think.
[somber music continues]
You two need to talk. I'll be outside.
[Mr. Hong]
I'm going to file for a retrial.
[Ms. Oh] You can't do anything about it
without my consent.
Suit yourself.
[Mr. Hong] If you don't fight this,
you're making it that much easier
for those criminals.
I turned the page on justice long ago.
Stop complicating things.
[somber music]
[somber music continues]
[sighs]
[phone buzzes]
[buzzing continues]
Yes.
This is Na Deok-jin from Babel E&C.
You texted me this morning.
[people cheer, applaud]
-[Ms. Choi] Pass them around.
-[man 1] Here you go.
-[woman 1] Here you go.
-[woman 2] Here you go.
-[man 2] Cheers.
-[Ms. Choi] Bottoms up.
-[woman 3] Thank you.
-[man 2] Oh, this is expensive.
-[Ms. Choi] Delicious.
-[glasses clink]
[exhales]
All right.
Ha! Mm.
This evening…
we're gonna forget about work
and have some fun.
-Yeah! Yeah!
-[all clap]
Tell us, Ms. Choi, your idea of fun.
Anybody have a hidden talent, huh, guys?
[woman 1] Mr. Seo does impressions.
With voices, accents and everything.
Let's do it. Come on.
-Okay.
-Do it!
[all] Do it! Do it!
-[man laughs]
-I'm Ko Gwang-ryeol.
-[all laugh]
-Goni asked me to come here.
He's very busy with work right now.
So he asked me to back you up.
[chuckles]
It's a small company that makes, uh…
electric, uh, batteries.
-[all laugh]
-He's good.
-Yes, he is.
-[man 1] That was bang on.
-Agui.
-Agui. Cool!
[in deep voice]
Stop. Hey, are you cheating?
Ooh!
You dealt from the bottom of the deck.
-To Madam Jung and--
-Check your cards, everybody.
Don't move. Hands off the cards.
Bring my hammer.
[Ms. Choi laughs]
I shouldn't have tried to cheat you.
[Ms. Choi] Hey, not bad.
Uh-uh. Not here. Go over there.
-A big round of applause.
-[all cheer]
[applause]
Let's go. Who's next?
Seriously?
I pick Hong Cha-young, our top dog.
You're up.
[man 1] Hong Cha-young.
[all] Hong Cha-young!
-Hong Cha-young!
-It's not very professional.
Who cares? Just get up here.
None of this is in my job description.
[man groans]
You are walking a very fine line.
You screwed up big time, huh?
Here's your chance to redeem yourself
in front of your colleagues.
[Hong Cha-young] All right.
-I'll stick with the impressions.
-Excellent. Give it up!
[all cheer, applaud]
[tense music]
[exhales]
[shouts in rhythm]
Awesome!
[grunting]
Feel it!
Awesome!
[rhythmic shouts continue]
[exercise grunts]
[vocalizing]
Feel it!
[shouts in rhythm]
Awesome!
[rhythmic shouts continue]
[vocalizing]
[shouts]
Yeah!
-Awesome!
-[guffaws]
Awesome! Awesome!
-Hit it! Hey! Yeah! Ha! Ha!
-[laughs hysterically]
[footsteps approaching]
Espresso?
[Mr. Na scoffs]
You ready to sign now?
Otherwise, you're wasting my time.
My instructions are clear
so it'll be quick.
[scoffs]
Like I'm taking instructions from you.
-Number one.
-Mm.
Demolition is postponed for two months.
And number two…
It's my building
so I will be the one to tear it down.
[scoffs]
Oh, man.
Where do I start?
Obviously, you're a little nuts.
[piano playing]
Now I'm curious.
NAME: HWANG JAE-SUK
NAME: SUNG DONG-SU
[Vincenzo] Remember I told you,
I don't make idle threats.
That's a list of bribes
you took from real estate agents,
and transcripts of Park Seok-do
threatening store owners.
Word for word. It's recorded.
No…
[Mr. Na] No…
[screams]
[whimpers]
[exhales]
Kim Mo-ran from Management
and you at the Shaina Hotel.
-Clearly not attending a work function.
-Hey.
[nervous laugh]
You… you've made your point.
Professionally,
this will bury you, Mr. Na.
I… I'm aware of that.
I'm begging you, just don't…
release this.
Follow my orders, and no one
will see those pictures. Got it?
Now you're a big boy,
but you need to break it off
with your colleague.
You took a vow.
I… I can do that.
I… I'm just not sure
I can hold off a demolition,
and not for two months.
I don't have a lot of pull there.
I'm just following the boss's orders.
So follow mine now.
And do not disappoint me.
Because if you do,
-I will make your life miserable.
-Oh.
[dramatic music]
[Mr. Na shudders]
One other warning…
If anything happens to me…
your wife becomes a widow.
Uh, hold on a second.
[Mr. Na shudders]
Oh, this is bad.
It's so bad.
How could I have been so stupid?
Another round.
-No?
-[man] Good night, sir.
-[Mr. Han] You're going home?
-[all] Good night!
Hong Cha-young,
may I have a word in private?
[suspenseful music]
Listen up.
Try messing with me again,
you little brat,
I will end you and not even blink.
Would you be so kind as to let me know
when you're coming for me?
I have the perfect dress
for a near-death experience.
[giggles]
Your caustic humor
is gonna get you burned.
The heat is on.
I'm not giving you three strikes.
You get one and you're done.
What I'd like to give you…
[chuckles]
…is a proper manicure, Ms. Choi.
-You hurt me with your unkempt claws.
-[mocking chuckle]
[Ms. Choi] Take me home, driver.
[all] Good night!
Ugh! I should boost my tetanus.
-[groans]
-[phone chimes]
[Mr. Hong] Come home right now.
Now? What for?
[groans]
Why does he keep calling?
Tear it down. Party or no party.
[all] Yes, sir.
Are you sure?
What if another ambassador shows up?
Diplomats get escorted to safety.
-Then bulldoze it!
-[all] Yes, sir!
-[Su-nam] Yes, sir.
-[phone rings]
-Let's hit it. Get your truck.
-Let's go, let's go!
-[Su-nam] Let's go.
-Yes, Mr. Na.
[clears throat]
Abandon the tear down. Geumga Plaza.
-It's off limits.
-Why?
Don't question my decisions!
If it gets demolished, we're done for.
[suspenseful music]
-Oh, damn it. What is this?
-Okay, let's go! Let's go!
-Su-nam, stop the truck.
-Let's go! Move it!
-We've got new orders. No, damn it!
-Move it!
Stop! Get them back here!
They called it off!
I said stop!
-Enough! Shut it down!
-Hold on! Wait!
[coughs]
Those engines stink!
[rock music]
[phone buzzes]
LAWYER HONG YU-CHAN
[Mr. Hong] How could you leave
without telling me?
Come to my house. Let's drink soju.
[somber music]
You're saying Babel's new painkiller
is highly addictive
and will turn people into opioid addicts.
Then drug cartels will spring up in Korea.
And you want me to help you…
by quitting my job?
The trial isn't the issue.
The real problem is the future.
Did someone kidnap your brain?
Was it Vincenzo Cassano?
[sighs]
Well, it's just a bunch of nonsense.
[Mr. Hong] He's seen it happened in Italy.
He knows how dangerous
and ruthless drug cartels are.
[Mr. Hong exhales]
Lots of other companies
make pain medications.
-What makes Babel so different?
-Babel lied.
And they'll use lobbyists
to further that lie.
They'll churn out that drug like candy,
not a narcotic.
-It will do more harm than good--
-Someone really did a number on you.
You sound like those people who believe
in crackpot conspiracy theories.
Cha-young, you represent the ones
conspiring against us.
[doorbell chimes]
Just be careful, please.
Crackpots speak Italian too.
[door opens]
[door closes]
[gate creaks]
[gate clanks]
Stop with my dad,
you're making him sound paranoid.
Addiction? Drug cartels?
You watch too much American TV.
-You think it's farfetched?
-Yes.
You make it sound like Babel
wants to take over the world.
You lose your appetite for the truth,
when you're spoon-feeding lies to people.
I'm sure you're not implying
that I lack integrity.
[Vincenzo speaking Italian]
[continues speaking Italian]
[Cha-young exhales]
Translation, counselor?
There's no honor among thieves, counselor.
[scoffs]
You're one to talk.
That proverb was tailor-made for you
just like your suits.
And someday I'll make you eat those words.
With a silver spoon.
A few more words before you go.
[in Italian]
Stupid.
-Idiot.
-[groans]
-Translation!
-There isn't one.
Not a compliment, that's for sure.
Who does he think he is? So annoying.
[distant dog barking]
I'm so enraged, it's cathartic.
[huffs]
[scoffs]
[ominous music]
[Mr. Jang] The blame is on me.
Yes, and I'll make it right, don't worry.
With no repercussions on you.
When you berate me,
it only encourages me to do better.
My growth has been exponential.
Yes.
[chuckles]
The residence?
Of course. It's your villa. No problem.
Of course not.
Enjoy the rest of your evening.
Good night.
[ominous music continues]
He's beyond reason.
[sighs]
[distant dog barking]
So…
that woman today…
Oh Gyeong-ja, I think it is…
why is she in the hospital?
Because she's dying.
She has about six months left.
Hmm.
[inhales deeply]
She must be…
in a lot of pain then.
Why are you asking me…
when you could ask your mother directly?
[somber music]
You should spend some time with her
while you still have the time.
[inhales deeply]
How did you know?
I've been a public defender for 30 years.
I've honed my instincts.
Did you really think I dragged you
to the hospital for no reason?
That's pretty naive.
When you asked me
if I was a public defender,
it confirmed what I thought.
You were there at your mother's trial.
[prosecutor] Defendant Oh Gyeong-ja
was often criticized
by Chairman Hwang Deok-bae
and his family for her improper behavior
as a housekeeper.
On the day of the incident, when he said
she didn't do her job properly,
she was livid and assaulted him
which led to his death.
-[gavel bangs]
-[lawyer] The defense rests.
[Vincenzo sighs]
[prosecutor] Your Honor,
Defendant Oh Gyeong-ja
had abandoned her own child in the past.
I'm submitting her affidavit
of voluntary relinquishment
of parental rights
to an orphanage in Incheon.
[Ms. Oh] That's irrelevant to this case.
[judge] Defendant, be quiet.
[breathes shakily]
[Ms. Oh] You're my lawyer. Say something!
I was sexually harassed.
-His whole family is lying!
-[lawyer] Please don't say anything.
-This will work against you.
-[Mr. Hong] That day, five years ago,
I saw a young man in a rage.
I could feel it too.
It was coming out of every pore
in his body.
[sighs]
[Mr. Hong] No one would get
so emotionally upset…
unless their family was involved.
[somber music]
[Mr. Hong]
And then I saw you at the prison that day.
HANJU PRISON FOR WOMEN
[somber music continues]
[Mr. Hong] Are you sure you don't want
to visit your mother?
No one can force you.
And no one would expect you
to pretend you forgive her.
But you're both quickly
running out of time.
[tense music]
[hisses]
[hissing continues]
[ticking]
[suspenseful music]
[coughs]
What's going on?
[all coughing]
[man] Do you smell something?
Smells like gas.
[coughing continues]
[breathing heavily]
[ticking]
[beeping]
[blasting]
[TV reporter] Around 3:30 this morning,
there was an incident,
believed to be a gas explosion,
at a villa in Yangyang, Gangwon Province.
Employees of Babel Pharmaceuticals'
Drug Development Division
were at the villa for a company getaway.
All 14 researchers were killed
in the accident.
Accident?
-[TV reporter] The fire authority said…
-It was murder!
…12 researchers were dead at the scene.
Two others were taken to the hospital…
-Mr. Hong, please.
-…with severe, life-threatening injuries.
They did not survive.
The police suspect the gas was…
[Joon-woo] Boss?
Do you have to work for Babel?
It's pretty messy.
We can't bail the minute it gets messy.
Maybe a better word
would be bloody or dangerous.
Their safety record is not good.
If anything bad happen to you…
There is no danger.
I'm their lawyer,
not one of their employees.
[sighs]
People who worked with them
make the news but not in a good way.
What if you're next?
You don't need to protect me.
You need to learn how to handle
the pressure, Joon-woo.
-For crying out loud!
-[bangs]
Can you listen? It's not--
[claps]
Don't bang the furniture.
Okay. I apologize.
Uh, I'm worried
and not because I like you.
It's bigger.
It's not just a hunch, it's a bad feeling.
[exhales]
Jang Joon-woo.
You are my intern, not my bodyguard.
Don't cross the line.
And get over your stupid crush already.
I'm not interested.
[papers rustling]
[clattering]
[Cha-young bangs on table]
We are preparing for the trial.
Lunch breaks are important to interns.
I'm taking mine right now. Bye.
Interns do not get lunch!
Do you wanna die?
Your career is over!
[sighs]
This is… this is quite disturbing.
How can he…
just get rid of everyone?
Uh, it's called turning up the heat.
Applying pressure brutally
to force our hand.
Either we handle this mess
with the researcher or poof.
He's not going to blow us up.
You're the last person I would expect
to be acting paranoid.
You're just in denial.
Chairman Jang's got us
right where he wants us.
-He doesn't know what he wants--
-[phone buzzes]
Oh, what should I do? It's him.
-[buzzing continues]
-Mm.
-[clears throat]
Chairman.
Uh-huh.
The claim's already in progress, yes.
Yes. Pardon?
Of course. When?
Absolutely.
Yes, sir. Of course, I will meet you there
with Ms. Choi at noon.
-We--
-[phone beeps]
He hung up.
A face to face.
So I get to meet him.
-Are you nervous?
-No.
But I predict a painful lunch
in my magic crystal ball.
-Ah.
-Mm-hm. Mm.
[chuckles]
Hey, Myung-hee.
I mean, Ms. Choi, come back.
[chuckles]
I want more.
[laughs]
[detective 1] We're leaving, sir.
[Mr. Hong]
Fire investigation is not over yet.
-How can the case be closed?
-[detective 1] Look.
Our initial inspection shows
it's clearly an accident.
That's ridiculous.
Only the Fire Department
can rule out arson.
There's no evidence to support it.
You've got no business here.
It's everybody's business.
[detective 1]
Look, you're gonna get in trouble.
[Mr. Hong] What for?
For making you follow protocol?
[detective 1] This conversation's over.
-[Mr. Hong] Don't touch me.
-[detective 2] Just leave, buddy.
Get your hands off.
[detective 2] Who are you?
Do your jobs,
or else I'll protest right here.
-Let's go.
-[detective 1] Suit yourself.
-I'm not leaving.
-Let's go.
-[Vincenzo] Come on.
-[detective 1] We're done here.
No. Wait.
[Vincenzo] Come on.
[police siren blares]
[Vincenzo pants]
Stop being so stubborn
and back off, all right?
Babel's not backing off.
They just murdered 14 innocent people.
No matter how hard you push,
it will not bring them back.
Now put your energies elsewhere.
Who will speak for them then?
I will not let Babel silence me.
If you don't back off,
they're gonna make you pay.
I know that more than anyone.
Babel will have to pay for their crimes.
I swear it on my life.
Why are you being so reckless?
'Cause I have a mission.
[sighs]
The game is rigged in favor
of the rich and powerful.
So I've made it my life's purpose…
to beat the odds.
[heavy breathing]
The world is ruled
by a lot of smart people.
And it needs the reckless, stubborn ones
like me to help protect it.
[somber music]
[exhales]
[somber music continues]
[percussive music]
Will you please offer
generous compensation
so families can pay
all of their bills quickly?
Yes. Understood.
Oh, my villa.
I spent a fortune on designing that place.
[exasperated sigh]
All because of one silly researcher.
We're sorry. We'll make it up to you.
We'll work harder.
You were very clear on the phone earlier.
You're upset.
No, I was just blowing off steam.
[chuckles]
Any luck finding him? The researcher?
We're making excellent progress.
We have had a bit of help
from Ms. Choi's magic crystal ball.
[Mr. Han chuckles]
You mean, like the ones gypsies use?
It's an expression.
[chuckles]
I was thinking, I want you
to enjoy working at the firm.
So whatever you need, just let me know.
I need…
-Namdongbu's Prosecutors' Office.
-[exhales]
Namdong? What do you mean?
-I'm not following.
-Uh--
Owning Namdongbu
would be immensely helpful.
[chuckling]
I see.
[Mr. Jang] Well…
if it's on the market,
then what am I waiting for?
[Mr. Han] Sir?
[cackles]
Such a great sense of humor.
Don't you think?
[laughs]
"What am I waiting for?" he says.
[chortles]
[Mr. Han] I hope it includes free parking.
[cackles]
[thrilling music]
[Ms. Choi] Mr. Han,
you are a terrible judge of character.
How so?
Do you really think that moron
is the brains behind Babel?
[chuckles]
He's impetuous, I'll give you that.
Not the kind of chairman we're used to.
He's slow, has no concept of business,
and still acts pretentious.
Well, he's still the boss.
-Maybe you're just jealous.
-Okay. Think that.
-[chuckles] I will.
-[phone buzzes]
Oh, damn.
What's wrong?
My prediction came true.
-We found the runaway.
-[cackles]
Yes! Crystal ball!
Myung-hee, I knew it.
I mean, Ms. Choi. Oh, who cares?
[Ms. Choi groans]
Get off.
-[laughs]
-There's a hitch.
Hong Yu-chan got to this guy
before we did.
Huh?
[ominous music]
[phone buzzes]
Yes, Mr. Yu.
[Min-chul] I'll do it.
I will testify.
[Min-chul] When I saw how Babel
murdered my colleagues at the villa,
I realized there's only one way
that they can be stopped.
I know I need to tell the truth.
Or they'll bury it with me.
[Mr. Hong] You're doing the right thing.
Yes. I'll go get you tomorrow morning.
All right?
Great.
At the same place. Yes.
[sighs]
[tense music]
[boy 1] See? It worked.
-[Yeong-ho] That was legendary.
-[boy 1] I told you.
-Who's the boss?
-[Yeong-ho] You are.
Let's do the other one. Hey.
-[boy 1] Don't move. Closer.
-[Yeong-ho] I'm not.
-Should we show the guys?
-[boy 1] Of course.
-We can't be the only ones.
-[Yeong-ho] Oh, that's for sure.
[boy 1 groans]
Hold on. It's not lighting up.
[lighter clicking]
-[stomps]
-[boys scramble]
[thrilling music]
[Vincenzo] What am I doing here?
It's none of my business,
and I don't even know why I'm doing it.
[thrilling music continues]
It's time to get rid of distractions.
I need to wrap this up
and get out of here.
[Vincenzo] So we won a small victory,
but the truth is, we can't hold off
the demolition much longer.
-[Yeon-jin] That's right.
-That means…
we bring on the muscle.
There will be blood.
-I'll take--
-There will be no blood.
What I would like is to offer you
an alternative.
[Vincenzo chuckles]
[Mr. Lee clears throat]
I have plans to purchase a similar
building nearby, which means,
-we could relocate all of you there.
-Huh?
Huh? Permanently?
-You're kicking us out?
-It's a new beginning.
-As a bonus, your rent is free.
-[tenants gasp]
-You're serious?
-Yes.
I don't believe you.
[Hui-su] Why would you do that for us?
-I think it's best for everybody.
-Maybe too good.
In the words of my grandmother,
"The only free cheese
is in the mouse trap."
[Hui-su] Larry has a good point.
You get what you pay for.
I'm serious. There's no smoke and mirrors.
The advantage with the new building
is you could move in immediately.
Oh, so basically, we pack up and go.
Sounds brilliant.
Do I know you?
I don't know you.
This is my new apprentice.
He wanted to learn from a highly
successful master chef, you see.
-[Hui-su] Oh.
-[Mr. Tak] Goodness.
-[Yeon-jin] Nice to meet you.
-[Mr. Lee] Welcome.
-[Mr. Tak] Nice.
-[Hui-su] Welcome.
I think he's pretty per se at all.
We can trust him.
[whispers] You can't trust him
just because you think he's cute.
I feel a connection.
-[Mr. Tak] Why would he con us?
-Mm.
He's already been conned
with those cheap knockoff suits.
-[Yeon-jin] And we have nothing.
-[Mr. Tak] Right.
Just because we don't have much,
doesn't mean he wouldn't try.
-You see, Larry…
-Yeah?
If you weren't such
a poor judge of character,
you wouldn't get dump so often.
[all laugh]
I have never been dumped
because there's never been anyone.
[Chaesin] Everyone…
The foundation of good deeds
are faith and trust.
Good deeds lead to enlightenment.
By putting trust in him,
spiritual opportunity
presents itself to us.
-[Yeon-jin] Yes.
-Yeah.
Thank you. Nicely put.
Hmm.
Everyone…
I believe the decision to move
is unanimous.
[upbeat music on radio]
-One, two… One…
-[knocks on door]
Enter.
Am I interrupting?
[Ms. Choi] Yes.
But since I summoned you…
[music stops]
[Ms. Choi] Have a seat.
[sighs]
[exhales]
I wanted to tell you…
Babel Group is…
off limits to you as of now.
Petty revenge, Ms. Choi.
Oh, no, it's coming down from Mr. Han.
He'd come and say that to my face.
The motion sticks.
[screaming]
And you don't run this firm, do you?
I cannot comply
without a proper explanation.
What is this really about?
This is really all about
not going for the jugular with your dad.
I don't ease up on him.
-He's opposing counsel, not my father.
-[scoffs]
Pretend all you want, Ms. Hong.
But you chose family over your job, huh.
You proved it by failing to bury his case.
That's all.
-Yes, absolutely.
-[door opens]
Yes, I'm very hopeful.
-[door closes]
-Yes. Yeah, you got that right.
[Mr. Hong chuckles]
Sure.
[laughs]
[chuckles]
I don't know what kind of news he got,
but he's positively glowing.
-That's good.
-[Mr. Hong] Thanks.
I'll call you tomorrow.
Later in the evening. Okay. Great.
Mr. Cassano.
-Have you had lunch?
-Um, no. Not yet.
-Order for three.
-Oh, what would you like?
How about we order tangsuyuk and drinks?
-Do you mean it? You are in a good mood.
-Of course.
-[Mr. Nam] He never does this.
-[door opens]
[exhales]
We need to talk, Mr. Hong Yu-chan,
right now.
[sighs]
She just used his full name,
so that's code red.
And the "mister…" This is going nuclear.
[Mr. Nam whispers] Come on, get out.
I have no issue going toe to toe with you.
But when you start messing with my future…
[Mr. Hong] What are you talking about?
[Cha-young] Thanks to you, they're trying
to pull me off the Babel file.
I'm going from top of the heap
to bottom of the barrel.
[Mr. Hong]
Well, what goes around, comes around.
[Cha-young] Oh, get off your high horse.
Just because we have different values,
doesn't mean I don't have any.
It's not about being different.
It's about right and wrong.
-[Cha-young chuckles]
-[Vincenzo groans]
[screams]
[inhales deeply]
I'm going to say something…
you will not appreciate one bit, Dad.
Did you forget your morals
when you left Mom to die like that?
You were so busy with your crusade,
Mom died alone on the table.
-That is off limits and you know it.
-No.
You made our lives hell.
You can't silence me
like you silenced Mom.
Get out!
-[Cha-young gasps]
-[Vincenzo groans]
-[Vincenzo grunts]
-[Cha-young] Do you even feel…
an ounce of guilt?
You would walk through fire
to save others,
but you abandoned your wife.
You're out of line.
Get out.
[Cha-young] You know what I envy?
People's picture of a man
who's willing to move mountains.
I'm stuck with the image of one
who let my mother down.
[metal clangs]
-I… I apologize.
-No, don't worry. It's okay.
Family drama.
I'm sorry you had to hear that.
My fault. I couldn't get past you.
-[Mr. Hong] Sit down.
-[grunts]
I can't.
[sighs]
[wistful music]
[groans]
[grunts]
Why won't that stubborn idiot
apologize already?
[exhales]
[wistful music continues]
[sighs]
-[door chimes tinkling]
-[rain patters]
[door chimes tinkle]
What?
Impressive display of immaturity.
-When?
-Earlier.
You look pretty much like the girl
in your childhood pictures.
Not some top notch attorney.
Those pictures are personal.
That isn't fair.
What remains when we criticize
our parents is a whole lot of sorrow.
[wistful music]
Don't do something you'll regret.
Regret will eat away at you
like nothing else.
We're meeting for drinks
at his favorite place. You should come.
He'll forgive you. Just meet us there.
[Cha-young] What? He'll forgive me.
It's the other way around.
[thunder rumbles]
[somber music]
CRYSTAL BALL
[thunder rumbles]
[eerie music]
Mm. Okay.
Go ahead.
[thunder rumbles]
Actually…
both.
NAMDO AUNTIE'S RESTAURANT
[Mr. Hong] I just want to go there
and throttle all of them.
I mean, punishing her
from my stubbornness.
We might be at each other's throats,
but someone going after my daughter,
I won't stand for it.
[Mr. Hong exhales]
[Vincenzo] She'll get through it.
Your daughter is a very strong person.
Birds of a feather flock together.
Right, Mr. Cassano?
True strength requires compassion,
not just backbone.
Supporting a stranger at her murder trial
is incredibly strong.
I wasn't there for support,
I was there to witness her misery.
Do you mean that?
[somber music]
Yes.
But you and Ms. Hong…
you're both trying to make sure
the other's not miserable.
By miserable, do you mean
what those murderers
might have in store for us?
Soon, I'll have reinforcements.
And we will continue to fight.
It's risky.
Storming the castle
with limited resources, you know.
You're in no man's land.
Alone and completely exposed.
So swallow your pride.
Back down and lick your wounds.
My pride is not on the line,
innocent lives are.
If I back off, they get exposed.
You understand?
[Mr. Hong sighs]
[rain pattering]
I am not going there for him.
I'm going there for tofu kimchi
and the best jeon in the city.
[door chimes tinkle]
[man] Excuse me.
Uh, this is for you.
Why?
Your friend bought it for you and asked me
to give it to you before you left.
[tranquil music]
[door chimes tinkle]
[scoffs]
[ominous music]
-[knocks on door]
-[gasps]
Who is it?
-Who is it?
-[man] Police Department.
What do you want?
[man] We're doing an inspection.
A murder suspect was seen around here.
We're checking everyone's ID.
It won't take a minute. Just let us in?
Your accent is not from around here.
Right. I moved here from Seoul.
[laughs]
I see. Give me two seconds, please.
[tense music]
[man] Hurry up!
I have a lot of people to check.
Sorry. Coming!
[door bangs]
[wood cracking]
[door lock clinks]
[man] Oh, damn it!
[Min-chul pants]
[panting]
[grunting]
[suspenseful music]
LAWYER HONG YU-CHAN
Here's the thing.
Jackie Chan, love him.
I'm a huge fan of his movies.
Why? Perseverance.
Pow, pow, pow!
He doesn't win 'cause of kung fu.
He wins because he never gives up.
He keeps trying again and again
no matter what until he gets it right.
Pow, pow, pow, pow!
[laughs]
I'm going out for a smoke.
Pow, pow!
[chuckles]
[Mr. Hong] Oh, it's really pouring.
NAMDO AUNTIE'S RESTAURANT
[phone buzzes]
[buzzing continues]
[foreboding music]
[phone buzzing]
[tense music]
[buzzing continues]
BABEL PHARM.CO.,LTD
RDU-90, KEY CHARACTERISTICS
[phone buzzes]
[buzzing continues]
[man] Sir, can I get a cigarette?
Yes, of course.
-Here you are.
-Thanks.
Want a light?
[Mr. Hong] There.
[ominous music]
-Keep it dry.
-I will. Thanks.
[thunder rumbles]
[tense music]
1 MISSED CALL RDU
[buzzes]
[buzzing continues]
[tranquil music]
[buzzing]
[exhales]
[line rings]
[ringing continues]
[automated voice]
The number you have dialed is unavailable.
LAWYER HONG YU-CHAN
-[line beeps, rings]
-[shudders]
[knocking]
[ominous music]
[shudders]
-[thumps]
-[clanks]
LAWYER HONG YU-CHAN
[floor creaks]
-[Mr. Hong] Ooh.
-[thunder rumbles]
It's monsoon weather.
[Mr. Hong huffs]
[Mr. Hong] Hmm.
I get the impression…
there is something you're hiding from me.
Of course.
That I'm too much of a nice guy.
[speaking Italian]
[in English]
"It takes a devil to drive out another."
[chuckles]
That's the only Italian proverb I know.
Defeating a monster…
often means becoming one yourself.
I can't be the monster.
I can only be a man wishing for one
to come along and crush all of them,
ignoring every law in the books.
[laughs]
[Mr. Hong sighs]
Too bad that can't happen in real life.
[somber music]
What about you…
Mr. Cassano, a man or a monster?
[somber music]
[rain pouring]
-[sighs]
-Someone was trying to call you.
What? Who was it?
[Vincenzo] "RDU."
RDU-90.
The researcher?
[keypad clacking]
[phone beeps]
[line rings]
[crashes]
-[thuds]
-[glass splintering]
[somber music]
[somber music continues]
[thunder rumbling]
[dramatic music]
[closing theme music]